Priya: Okay, I think we're all here. Thanks for jumping on, everyone. This is our weekly check-in for the thesis cohort.
Priya: Quick agenda — we'll go around with updates, then talk about the IRB submission deadline, and finally the showcase prep.
Marcus: Sounds good. I can start. So last week I finished the literature review draft, it's about thirty pages right now, probably needs trimming.
Marcus: My advisor wants me to focus more on the human-AI interaction angle and less on the pure ML benchmark stuff.
Priya: That tracks with what Dr. Chen said in the last cohort meeting. Did you get a chance to look at the Suresh and Guttag paper she shared?
Marcus: Not yet, it's on my list for this week. I'll have notes by Friday.
Aisha: I can go next. I've been blocked on participant recruitment. The IRB approval is still pending and I can't email anyone until that clears.
Aisha: I submitted the amendment two weeks ago. Anyone have a contact in the IRB office who can give us a status update?
Priya: I can reach out to Dr. Kim — she sits on the board. Send me your protocol number after the call and I'll ping her today.
Aisha: Perfect, thank you. I'll send the number right after this.
Jordan: Okay my turn. Quick update — the prototype is mostly working. I got the transcript ingestion piece wired up over the weekend.
Jordan: Still need to figure out how I'm handling PII. Right now I'm doing regex redaction locally before anything hits the API, which feels right.
Marcus: That's a good call. Have you thought about what happens with names? Like if someone says "thanks Priya" in the middle of a sentence?
Jordan: Yeah I'm wrestling with that. Option one is full pseudonymization, option two is just leaving first names. I think for the demo I'll show both.
Priya: I'd vote for showing both — it makes the privacy tradeoffs concrete for the audience instead of just talking about them.
Jordan: Agreed. I'll have both modes working by Thursday.
Priya: Great. Let's lock that in — Jordan ships dual privacy modes by Thursday. Aisha, you'll send me the IRB protocol number right after this.
Priya: Marcus, you'll review the Suresh and Guttag paper by Friday. Anyone have anything else before we move to the showcase?
Aisha: One quick thing — are we doing the showcase in person or hybrid? My family is visiting that week and I might need to dial in.
Priya: I think hybrid is fine. Last year half the cohort presented remotely. I'll confirm with the Next Lab coordinator and follow up by tomorrow.
Marcus: One concern on showcase — do we know the time slot yet? I have a conflict on the morning of the 28th.
Priya: Not yet, but I'll ask. If it's morning we'll see what we can do. Worst case you present second day.
Jordan: Quick question on the showcase format — are we doing live demos or pre-recorded? My prototype works but it's a little flaky.
Priya: I'd push for live if you can — it's more compelling. But have a backup video ready. That's what I'm doing.
Jordan: Okay, makes sense. I'll record a backup the night before.
Priya: Alright, I think we're good. Let's wrap. Same time next week. Reach out in Slack if anything blocks you before then.
Aisha: Thanks everyone. Bye!
Marcus: See you.
Jordan: Later.